Iemayyin is a small to medium sized town north of Navgiari City and connected to it by Navgiari Road 1 which leaves from its south.
The city is not surrounded by walls like many others in Navgiari because monster attacks are almost unheard of anywhere near the peaceful settlement.
The player's house is in the southwest of the town, which is mostly divided into three sections:
Southwest residential area:
  There are three houses in a north-south row.
  The player's house is the southernmost one, and its front door is just a few steps away from Navgiari Road 1.
  The middle house is occupied by MR. STRITI and his son THOMAS.
    Mr. Striti when talked to says, "You're off to the library again aren't you [character_name]? I understand why you go, but it's not healthy to spend so much time on one goal. Take a break and save your progress using your diary."
    Thomas when talked to says, "You ask the librarian every day, `Have any new books come in,' and the answer's always the same. You should listen to my dad."
  The top house is locked with a sign on the door saying "Working at town hall. -MAYOR MOWNATIN."  // I'm thinking this will be a plot thread for later.
Southwest commercial area:
  There are two shops arrangen north to south like the houses opposite them.
  The first shop sells healing items.
  The second shop sells  // TODO: Find something for the shpo to sell. Player already has equipment and healing is sold in the other one.
North:
    The library and town hall are one building.
    The library contains several books.
        A book called 'Combat for Beginners' has tips on combat.  // TODO: Write book once combat system is finalized.
        A book called 'Navgiari Atlas' contains a map of Navgiari.  /* TODO: Make map
          I'm thinking opening a new window to open the map jpg or png (whichever it ends up being) would be best. */
        // TODO: More books.
    The town hall contains a secretary desk at the enterance and a door to the mayor's office on the opposite side of the room.
        The secretary blocks access to the office for now.  // Plot thread for later again.
  // TODO: the other two houses are occupied by ppl. In the southeast is the commercial district. The northwest and northeast are occupied by the library and town hall.
